Summary

Chapter 1

People don‘t like reading, so you need to be a great speaker to influence people. But 
writing is important to create a unified doctrine. 


Childhood Home:

Germans struggle to unite German children when he was growing up. This didn‘t sit well 
with him. 7

Hitler was disgusted that Austrians did not fight in the war with Germany. Even though 
Austria was a German land. Unhappy with the lack of German nationalist. He saw the 
struggle in Austria with lack of German Nationality. While Hitler was a strong 
nationalist.

Hitler had a ability to draw. His dad wanted him to work as a city official and this is 
the first revolt from his father. He did not want this. He was 11. Hitler wanted to be 
a painter. His dad was angry. 

Got hooked and nationalism. There isnt much Austrian history. So there was no 
separation between Germany and Austria. He didn‘t feel the education of children 
growing up was doing a good job. It was in a sorry state. It was not important to know 
a date when some battle was fought. What a true history should be taught on would be 
open your eyes and understand what causes historical events to happen. It means 
reading. Only remembering the important parts and forgetting the unimportant parts. 

He felt the Austrian state he lived in, had no love for Germans. 

Mother and Father died while her was young. 


Chapter 2

With his parents dead, he moved to Vienna. He got denied to the school of painting, but 
recommended to go into architecture. 


Brandon Reflections

Minimum Wage - 

	High school workers - should they be able to afford to live on their own?

	Balance of business finances 

I believe all humans deserve a fair wage for honest work. But does the minimum wage 
need to be one in which you can afford an apartment or a house? Should be a progression 
of working up. This may be because that is what I experienced. Nothing is to be 
expected to be given to you. If you are only worth an entry level job, should you be 
expected to adore an apartment by yourself? We need to take this into consideration. 
The single mother and folks that lose everything. How do you determine this number? Is 
the current wage fair?

Pg 21 - While the Goddess of suffering took me into her Arms, often threatening to 
crush me, my will to resistance grew, and in the end this will be victorious. (On his 
parents dying and denial of acceptance to art school)

Pg 23 - Our own painful struggle for existence (or worth (Brandon)) destroys our 
feeling for the misery of those who have remained behind. 

Pg 23 - Big city enticing, chews people up and spits them out. Knowing you are only 
worth nothing. Just labor until they don’t need you anymore. How industry used 
laborers. 

Pg 67 - Men at 30 in politics tend to be wishy washey

Pg 180 - The art of propaganda lies in understanding the emotional ideas of the great 
masses and finding, through a psychologically correct form. The receptivity of the 
great masses is very limited, their intelligence is small, but their power of 
forgetting is enormous. Reminds me a the Trump like cult Trump has as his following. He 
plays with the American emotion that runs deep in people. As in my podcast Blooms and 
Barnacles, history is limited to ones view of it. Faulty memories. People only inject 
their thoughts in and hear what they want to hear. Anything you attach your self and 
sense to, that is bigger than you, can turn into truth. Trump hit that American cord 
with specific folks. More emotion and less science wins. 

Pg 246 - “Like to describe the press as a “great power” in the state. As a matter of 
fact, it’s importance is really immense. Press continues education in adulthood. 

	3 Categories: 
1. Believe everything they read
2. Don’t believe anything they read
3. Critically minded examines and judges accordingly. 

1 is the largest group, simple minded, neither born or trained to think independently, 
lazy 
2 smaller in number, betrayed by realizing lies in media, no trust, hate, rage, hard to 
handle and lost
3 smaller - logically rational, understand news is opinion and perspective

Wisdom is nothing, number is everything. 

Pg 283 - Theorists rarely make a good leader. Need to be a agitator. Understands how to 
manipulate emotions. 



Edited


